[Feat] `amdsmi` bindings integration (#132)
ml-energy/zeus: docs/measure/index.md

Total energy (J):
{'GPU0': 198.52566362297537, 'GPU1': 206.22215216255188, 'GPU2': 201.08565518283845, 'GPU3': 201.79834523367884}
```

## Hardware Support

> We currently support both NVIDIA (via NVML) and AMD GPUs (via AMD SMI, version 6.1 or later).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We currently support both NVIDIA (via NVML) and AMD GPUs (via AMDSMI, with ROCm 6.1 or later).
```

### `get_gpus`
The [`get_gpus`][zeus.device.get_gpus] function returns a [`GPUs`][zeus.device.gpu.GPUs] object, which can be either an [`NVIDIAGPUs`][zeus.device.gpu.NVIDIAGPUs] or [`AMDGPUs`][zeus.device.gpu.AMDGPUs] object depending on the availability of `nvml` or `amdsmi`. Each [`GPUs`][zeus.device.gpu.GPUs] object contains one or more [`GPU`][zeus.device.gpu.common.GPU] instances, which are specifically [`NVIDIAGPU`][zeus.device.gpu.nvidia.NVIDIAGPU] or [`AMDGPU`][zeus.device.gpu.amd.AMDGPU] objects.

These [`GPU`][zeus.device.gpu.common.GPU] objects directly call respective `nvml` or `amdsmi` methods, providing a one-to-one mapping of methods for seamless GPU abstraction and support for multiple GPU types. For example:
- [`NVIDIAGPU.getName`][zeus.device.gpu.nvidia.NVIDIAGPU.getName] calls `pynvml.nvmlDeviceGetName`.
- [`AMDGPU.getName`][zeus.device.gpu.amd.AMDGPU.getName] calls `amdsmi.amdsmi_get_gpu_asic_info`.

> ### AMD GPU Quirks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Notes on AMD GPUs
```

#### AMD GPUs Initialization

> `amdsmi.amdsmi_get_energy_count` can sometimes return invalid values. See [ROCm issue #38](https://github.com/ROCm/amdsmi/issues/38) for more details. During the [`AMDGPUs`][zeus.device.gpu.AMDGPUs] object initialization, `amdsmi.amdsmi_get_energy_count` is polled twice for each GPU, with a 0.5-second delay between polls. This difference is compared to power measurements to determine if `amdsmi.amdsmi_get_energy_count` is stable and reliable. Initialization takes 0.5 seconds regardless of the number of AMD GPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`amdsmi.amdsmi_get_energy_count` sometimes returns invalid values on certain GPUs or ROCm versions (e.g., MI100 on ROCm 6.2). See [ROCm issue #38](https://github.com/ROCm/amdsmi/issues/38) for more details. During the [`AMDGPUs`][zeus.device.gpu.AMDGPUs] object initialization, we call `amdsmi.amdsmi_get_energy_count` twice for each GPU, with a 0.5-second delay between calls. This difference is compared to power measurements to determine if `amdsmi.amdsmi_get_energy_count` is stable and reliable. Initialization takes 0.5 seconds regardless of the number of AMD GPUs.
```

> `amdsmi.amdsmi_get_power_info` provides "average_socket_power" and "current_socket_power" fields, but the "current_socket_power" field frequently returns "N/A." During the [`AMDGPUs`][zeus.device.gpu.AMDGPUs] object initialization, this method is checked, and if "N/A" is returned, the [`AMDGPU.getInstantPowerUsage`][zeus.device.gpu.amd.AMDGPU.getInstantPowerUsage] method is disabled. Instead, [`AMDGPU.getAveragePowerUsage`][zeus.device.gpu.amd.AMDGPU.getAveragePowerUsage] needs to be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`amdsmi.amdsmi_get_power_info` provides "average_socket_power" and "current_socket_power" fields, but the "current_socket_power" field is sometimes not supported and returns "N/A." During the [`AMDGPUs`][zeus.device.gpu.AMDGPUs] object initialization, this method is checked, and if "N/A" is returned, the [`AMDGPU.getInstantPowerUsage`][zeus.device.gpu.amd.AMDGPU.getInstantPowerUsage] method is disabled. Instead, [`AMDGPU.getAveragePowerUsage`][zeus.device.gpu.amd.AMDGPU.getAveragePowerUsage] needs to be used.
```

#### Supported AMD SMI Versions

> Only ROCm >= 6.1 is supported, as earlier versions of `amdsmi.amdsmi_get_energy_count` do not return updated values. For more information, see [ROCm issue #22](https://github.com/ROCm/amdsmi/issues/22). Ensure your `amdsmi` and ROCm versions are up to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only ROCm >= 6.1 is supported, as the AMDSMI APIs for power and energy return wrong values. For more information, see [ROCm issue #22](https://github.com/ROCm/amdsmi/issues/22). Ensure your `amdsmi` and ROCm versions are up to date.
```
